This project is used to calculate electron trajectories in a double-slit experiment as predicted by Bohmian Mechanics. We intend to replicate the results presented by Gondran, M., & Gondran, A. (2014) on their paper Measurement in the de Broglie-Bohm interpretation: double-slit, Stern-Gerlach, and EPR-B. Physics Research International, 2014.

The Crank-Nicolson method is used to solve Schrödinger's equation in one dimension. The resulting wavefunction is then used to calculate the probability density and current, so the Guiding Equation may be solved. The method is implemented on file "CN1D.cpp".

The values of |psi|^2 are stored in "psi2TYPE.dat" (TYPE should be replaced by "gauss" or "square" depending on the type of initial distribution chosen for the wavefunction) while "trajTYPE.dat" holds the trajectories for the different electrons. As for now, we are simulating a one-dimensional problem, so the x-position of the electrons is given by x=vx*t, where "vx" is a constant velocity and "t" is the time.

FILE FORMAT:
psi2TYPE.dat. Columns are: time (ns), x-pos (cm), y-pos (nm), |psi(t,x,y)|^2
	Every blank row accounts for a new time-step.

trajTYPE.dat. Columns are: time (ns), x-pos (cm), y-pos (nm)
	Every blank row accounts for a new electron.

GNUPLOT is used to plot the wavefuncion as a function of time and electron trajectories. Edit "plots.gnu" as desired. To generate the plots, run "plotGen.sh". The plot will be stored in the file imgs/RENDER.pdf.

File "cn2D.cpp" implements the Crank-Nicolson Method in 2D. It is not fully tested and is not used in our implementation.
File "Random64.h" contains the Class Crandom that generates 64-bit random numbers. It was written by Jose Daniel Muñoz, Professor at Universidad Nacional de Colombia.

May 24: The function "getGradient" was changed to use Central Difference so the trajectories were symmetric.

May 25: The initial positions for the electrons were distributed according to the initial (gaussian or square) distribution of the wavefunction. Also, the spatial resolution in the y-direction was increased in order to enhance the calculation of the trajectories. The two aforementioned changes indeed resulted in an appropriate interference pattern.
